1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

          I believe keeping programs maintainable means to keep them simple and to the point. Make it easy for any other developer to come in and understand what's going on and how to update it. This goes along with readable which it needs to be commented correctly and laid out properly for anyone to understand when looking over your work and adding to it. Making it adaptable means keeping functions and coding simple and reusing the same functions without creating to many variables and functions that do the same job.  With a simple change in class name and function name I could use my Create Read Update and Delete file for any other work with another database or program. 


2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

          With all we learned throughout the class and the documents for all the features we used it was pretty easy to meet the demands of the client. With the programming aspect it seemed pretty straight forward the only difference from task to task I see would be the layout of the HTML page. Different clients will want similar functionality but vastly different UI experience for its users. Being able to adapt and produce what the client wants is the biggest challenge with designing and I would probably have to read further into the documentation in order to implement different styles and features not used in this assignment. 

3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

          The way I see computer scientists are the people who create everything you can touch with a computer. Every button or interaction has coding behind it in order to make the lives the users as easy as possible. Grazioso can do their jobs easier now because when they just login and click on the Interface they are taken straight to one touch button options to scroll through a database with thousands of lines of data. All the thousands of lines we had to work with come out with simple small interactions for a user to view instantly and get what they are looking for with know database experience or knowledge.   
